hello together I'll show you who today
makes the navi calculator in k4 at bmw z4
made from bread or expanded
because I have the ex-premier already
expanded and that's pretty much
complicated with this stupid
Disguises here and I have mine
your effort a little less
holding means what you do
because both are completely forward
pushed
sitting so is now very forward
pushed as you can see in the next one
The rest kicked the back seat backs
and then you have one here as well
on the other side one each
small talks screw you remove
must and to solve this part here
in the next step that is then
Of course, if available
Take out the wind deflector in this area
need to raise up here
and he really breaks the z4
you will be with me that is unfortunately
very broke down
that was partly my debt but
as well as the blame of bmw the
have done bad and that is
rather because of that plastic with me
more are so so I still have
the apron from the z4 and accordingly
here is that you can now from here
I hope I can see quite well there it is
this wise here in front
This is a special cord
I'll call it unlock up here
and so you have to be careful that the
that she does not go out and you can
not now that last time
made
this bracket so a bit
bit fricke he put then it works
Even the rag is not a self-reliant
as no buck it also obscures
still open
So you get a pretty good one here
gap can see in her
and accordingly can now from
my side out the navi we have mine
navi computer was at the repair is
now new laser in there and I'm going to
Insert now time
I'm the other side too
I think so the roof now
open because it is easy to end and
can see me now
he is already so ready what is possible
fast mancity
so
in any case more space at the top
and we can see now I have now
that's just a little bit
sandwiched the next thing he did now
of course you have to make a cable
to join
so i do not have a cameraman do you take
not bad to me
that's why it's not spartan
now be in the next step
take navi calculator say so beautiful
the heart push in and you can hear that
sometimes in the box
that he is really in it then and
Assembly is still here
lying around
ok now the switch has gone
I now this is the
switch for this the light in the compartment
and it's going to be used down here
I have to look the same again or
I have to return to the camera unfortunately
do not work on sand otherwise
exactly
I hope I could someone you one
help a little
So you do not really have to do everything
completely disassemble like you
have seen it go with a bit
fresh work on less expensive